Update auth Module.md (#12478)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/auth/src/main/ballerina/auth/Module.md

An authentication store provider defines an authentication scheme that could be used to protect endpoints. The `auth:AuthStoreProvider` type acts as the interface for all the authentication providers. Any type of implementation, such as LDAP, JDBC, and file based, should be object-wise similar. 

> By default, there are three implementations of the `auth:AuthStoreProvider`. They are, the `auth:ConfigAuthStoreProvider`,

Reviewer: Change to:

"They are; the `auth:ConfigAuthStoreProvider`, which authenticates based on usernames and passwords stored in a configuration file, the `auth:JWTAuthProvider`, which authenticates by validating a JWT, and finally the `auth:LdapAuthStoreProvider`, which authenticates based on the user credentials stored in an active directory or an LDAP."

 password="<password>"
 scopes="<comma_separated_scopes>"
 ```

 ### LDAP Auth Store Provider

`LdapAuthStoreProvider` is another implementation of the `AuthStoreProvider` interface, which connects to an active

> directory or an LDAP to retrieve the necessary user information to perform authentications and authorizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory or an LDAP to retrieve the necessary user information to perform authentication and authorization.
```
